b smith is arrested and taken to
wentworth prison after her attempt to
murder her violent and rapist husband
in there bee is forced to obey frankie
doyle who uses her as a drug mule
[Music]
she is caught by the governor of the
prison but b did not say frankie's name
she knew that doing so will put her in
more trouble you did not know that man
yeah he's my boyfriend
prisoners liz birdsworth and doreen
anderson the friends b
they were nice to her
governor meg jackson is becoming
increasingly suspicious about the ladies
and their ways of bringing crystal meth
into the prison and she is sure frankie
is behind all of it jax holt frankie's
rival is released from solitary by the
governor
that [ __ ] is playing with me jax tries
to humiliate bee but finally she stood
up and refuses to obey her
no
i beg your pardon
i'm not doing it
but you don't need to do this she
started it
jackson her gang corners frankie and
attempts to mutilate her but is saved by
boomer
doreen leaves her daughter kaiya with b
and went to assist frankie
but when kaiya runs off in the middle of
the riot v runs after together but falls
down in a pool of blood with meg lying
dead next to her
[Music]
cr5 to sierra one we need an ambulance